Add support for OpenEnclave (#92)
mc2-project/opaque: README.md

<img src="https://mc2-project.github.io/opaque/opaque.svg" width="315" alt="Opaque">

**Secure Apache Spark SQL**

> [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mc2-project/opaque.svg?branch=openenclave)](https://travis-ci.org/mc2-project/opaque)

Reviewer: Should we change the branch back to master? The travis build status should be monitoring master once this PR has been merged.

This project is based on our NSDI 2017 paper [1]. The oblivious execution mode is not included in this release.
This project is based on the following NSDI 2017 paper [1]. The oblivious execution mode is not included in this release.

This is an alpha preview of Opaque, which means the software is still in development (not production-ready!). It currently has the following limitations:

- Unlike the Spark cluster, the master must be run within a trusted environment (e.g., on the client).

- Not all Spark SQL operations are supported. UDFs must be [implemented in C++](#user-defined-functions-udfs).

- Computation integrity verification (section 4.2 of the NSDI paper) is not included.
- Computation integrity verification (section 4.2 of the NSDI paper) is currently work in progress.

[1] Wenting Zheng, Ankur Dave, Jethro Beekman, Raluca Ada Popa, Joseph Gonzalez, and Ion Stoica.
[Opaque: An Oblivious and Encrypted Distributed Analytics Platform](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~wzheng/opaque.pdf). NSDI 2017, March 2017.

## Installation

> After downloading the Opaque codebase, build and test it as follows. (Alternatively, we offer a [Docker image](docker/) that contains a prebuilt version of Opaque.)

Reviewer 2: If we're not going to keep offering the Docker image, should we also remove `docker/`?

Author: Removed.

>     sudo apt install wget build-essential openjdk-8-jdk python libssl-dev

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this also include `open-enclave=0.9.0`?

Author: The instructions for installing OpenEnclave and its dependencies are linked in the README. These are the Opaque-specific instructions.

    
    # Install a newer version of CMake (>= 3.13)
    wget https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.15.6/cmake-3.15.6-Linux-x86_64.sh
    sudo bash cmake-3.15.6-Linux-x86_64.sh --skip-license --prefix=/usr/local
    ```

2. On the master, generate a keypair using OpenSSL for remote attestation.

    ```sh
    openssl genrsa -out private_key.pem -3 3072
    ```

> 3. Change into the Opaque root directory and edit Opaque's environment variables in `opaqueenv`. Export Opaque and OpenEnclave environment variables via

Reviewer 2: It's unclear to a reader what edits they are supposed to make here, so perhaps we could add "if desired":

```suggestion
3. Change into the Opaque root directory and edit Opaque's environment variables in `opaqueenv` if desired. Export Opaque and OpenEnclave environment variables via
```

    ```sh
    source opaqueenv
    source /opt/openenclave/share/openenclave/openenclaverc
    ```

    By default, Opaque runs in hardware mode (environment variable `MODE=HARDWARE`).
    If you do not have a machine with real SGX hardware but still wish to test out Opaque's functionality locally, then set `export MODE=SIMULATE`.

4. Run the Opaque tests:

> 

Reviewer 2: Since we're building on Spark 3.0, should we update the reference to Spark 2.4.0 below?

No need to do this if the Opaque JAR is backwards compatible with Spark 2.4.0, but we'd have to verify that.

Reviewer 2: Also, we reference Scala 2.11 in the JAR name below. Probably need to fix that or else those steps will break.

>     If you do not have a machine with real SGX hardware but still wish to test out Opaque's functionality locally, then set `export MODE=SIMULATE`.

Reviewer 2: Should we remove the reference to SGX?
```suggestion
    If you do not have a machine with a hardware enclave but still wish to test out Opaque's functionality locally, then set `export MODE=SIMULATE`.
```

3. Finally, implement the UDF in C++. In [`FlatbuffersExpressionEvaluator#eval_helper`](src/enclave/Enclave/ExpressionEvaluation.h), add a case for `tuix::ExprUnion_DotProduct`. Within that case, cast the expression to a `tuix::DotProduct`, recursively evaluate the left and right children, perform the dot product computation on them, and construct a `DoubleField` containing the result.

> ## Launch Token and Remote Attestation

Reviewer 2: How does remote attestation work now, and how do the enclaves get the shared data key?

Reviewer 2: Unaddressed.

Author: Since Opaque has moved to the OpenEnclave SDK, the remote attestation protocol has also been moved to the new protocol that is based on [DCAP](https://api.portal.trustedservices.intel.com/provisioning-certification). Also see [here](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/v0.9.0/samples/remote_attestation/common/attestation.cpp#L77) for some OpenEnclave sample code.
